1. Why do you want to be a data scientist/analyst?
   A: I have always been good with numbers and a strong urge to find out how and why things work, what's the logic behind it?
      Is there's a better/more efficient way to make it work? I actually did not know there was a profession that requires such
      traits until I my badminton buddies told me to look it up and give it a try. And here I am.
      

2. Why do you want to work at this company?
   A: Acknowledge the Company’s Uniqueness, Go Back to the Beginning (how u found it), Think Ahead, Offer a Personal Touch


3. Tell me about a time you had to handle a conflict with your colleagues.
   A: Everyone believes what they are doing is right, and are trying to make things work/better. Howewver, it's common to come to
     disagreement when people have different point of view. When I was still a cafe owner, there was a conlfic between me and a 
     shareholder regarding a recipe for a new snack. She was very excited that we are adding a new item to the menu, and had spent
     a good amount of time and effort to come up with a unique recipe for the new item. However, I had to reject her proposal, and 
     I gave her the reasons:
     1. QC: The recipe was way too complex, she may be able to make it, but not necessary everyone kitchen staff can replicate the same thing.
     2. The preparation is way too long, it is additional task for kitchen staff to prepare it.
     3. The cooking time is also way too long, the current snack items were able to be made in 5 mins, but the new item requires 12.
        This sudden long wait time will drive away impatient customers.
     I told her that the new recipe she came up with is great, but it does not fit well with our current menu and kitchen (due to 
     requiring addtional storage and prep). It would have been great to have it in a competition of delicacy, but not as a fast food snack.
     So let's enjoy the new recipe ourselves, while think of another one that may fit the criteria mentioned earlier.