Ultimate Challange Part2 - Experiment and metrics design
1. What would you choose as the key measure of success of this experiment in
   encouraging driver partners to serve both cities, and why would you choose this metric?
A: Since there's a two-way toll. We can gather information regarding the number of vehicles
   passing through each toll, e.g. a toll that indicates entering Ultimate Gotham, and the
   other toll indicating entering Ultimate Metropolis. So the key measure of success will be
   increasing the number of tolls. However, since each city has different active time on weekdays,
   we should pay attention to the specified active time for each city:
          Metroplis' weekday mornings, and Gotham's weekday nights.

2. Describe a practical experiment you would deisgn to compare the effectiveness of the 
   proposed change in relation to the key measure of success. Please provide details on:
     a. how you will implement the experiment: we must first gather information regarding
        the current toll information; hourly entries to each city. If this is already done,
        we should decide a timeframe that will offer reimbursement to toll fees (and let the
        residents know atleast 1 month ahead of time). It may be biased to have one entire
        month since the activities may vary each month, so unless we have the toll information
        for the experimental month from previous years, it is advised to use a different option.
        Such as certain day(s) of week for 3 months, since it's much better to gather a specific
        day's data than having a certain month's data that might yield biased result.
     b. what statistical test(s) you will conduct to verify the significance of the 
        observation: There should definitely be a 'significant' increase in the toll counts for
        the timeframe that we wish to increase:
            Metroplis' weekday mornings, and Gotham's weekday nights.
        In this case, a Two Independent Samples t-Test will do.
     c. how you would interpret the results and provide recommendations to the city
        operations team along with any caveats.
        We should provide the difference from before and after the implementation of the toll
        reimbursement, and give special attention to the timeframe of interest:
               Metroplis' weekday mornings, and Gotham's weekday nights